well again we're in a really really yeah
we're kind of getting sleepy we're just
going to master on you pal o mine ear
taper I am a cyborg not really about the
things when I got better I like it black
and white can you sit in the cape oh no
are you sleepy I wanted I wonder if I
can ok hold on i'll go get something
dangly stay with the main put on a
person where's the person's Jenny what
numbers what did you do mmm mr. next you
know I want the person's cuz you know
the people yeah I think it's like darn
you keep watching
is that to worry dad knows that we're
trying to make the dogs yeah it's not
really working I like rock Obama my gosh
who is that I'm Barack Obama and I'm a
sexy bitch probably me Stahley pun
actually my boobs are like gigantic Wow
was it made it I got text cities to hear
and that one there I love these people
with all my stomach get my bitches your
hose thing I Star Wars no way the gang
it's like Han Solo just get the names
right make a shot apart you know certain
people and join you are a deep
you're not cyber bullying me comes oh
I'm sorry I think I ruined it I don't
care jordan i know i am with um prank
but doesn't work okay that was gonna go
ahead and also cuz i'm really liking
okay wait a minute wait I had to put it
back to normal well it's gonna be too
long and then they're going to turn oh
ok what you paid it okay good all in
look into my eyes yeah the eyes not
right there and they're not I'm there
are bad you didn't tell me zoom okay
stare at the end of my pencil that's
what Jody sounds like in the morning hey
that's why she sleeps but i'm trying
listen to sleepy just other words stop
baby piano key necktie like how ago
woman another day listen a another day
other time another video okay well it's
there any time to go down case it's like
half eleven that time oh it's not really
it's only five pop don't I get my hat oh
don't get your hot but they make it like
a Polaroid picture shake your maracas
there's no much appoints this video yeah
no wait stop stop no oh my god watch
Brock Obama or that person while we go
okay can I have a go at making the
choices looks like I'm I don't oh hello
i am a guy from East read and write
your mouth wide wide I'm a man from
Easter Island I'm are sexy mom okay I've
had enough of him well we're how is hot
enough of me of me no no no go I mean
your bedroom oh ok don't yet right 15 1
come by mr. please ready to see the real
side of face this is the this is the
real me the real be we're confused right
now oh we got some Glock jet fan Dennis
benign wish I was nearly laptop gone I
was gonna shake it like a Polaroid
picture ah oh ah my favorite part of
that movie is when Mooney murrells in
the car
that right there makes no sense it's
perfect look really creepy fine except
you okay this is nothing six minutes no
one under our tree farms are but we have
no fun every birthday meet our friend
Nev shares a birthday with Hitler nobody
not let her dog I never me I share my
birthday with Benito Mussolini oh those
are all night so John better letter dog
can we stop this and take random
pictures ok yeah hi everybody triangle
tray I do i really love Tony the moose
no you got Mitchell Davis he's not in
the video but he could be right mystical
iCarly's